welcome and welcome back to this
new episode of sky news
I am happy to open this new one
episode anticipating that there will be a
lots of news dedicated to the world of
souls of games and curiosities then
even more news even more hype for
we all start with one of ours
first news dedicated to the qing and vat
bahamut one of the great hopes of
this fall 2014 that you can now
be seen in simulcast inside
of the popcorn tv channels is splits from 27
November so don't miss it guys
because I particularly like it
I would like to know yours immediately
opinion writing it down here in
comments
knights of cydonia back in April with
the second series
according to a magazine's statements
named hutter a looks like since
next April we will have a new one
appointment with the work of tsutomu
nihei this science fiction anime
definitely one of my favorites in
how he manages to break away like
produced by others of the same kind
I advise you to recover it in time
for these ethical inputs the second series
unmissable and I keep you updated
be well attached to the chair because
finally the new one was announced
series of shing and who not who today
finally news on this second one
fucking standard looks like this news
has been spread inside the halls
cinemas of some cinemas
Japanese who saw the birth of a
film is a summary of the first series
of the work of sayama it seems that this
news has been declared at the end
of this film and now we just have to
wait for new news
I have somehow keep you
updated and move on
ah almost I forgot again in terms
shing and who not who today came to me
of the images of a promotional event
inside a book shop he saw
a kind of mini giant is the protagonist
super scary that somehow
advertised the sayama series one
disturbing funny thing
interesting in short if you want to know
something more or see you leave the
link in the description number 52 of
weekly shonen jump announced the
third animated adaptation for the work
care manga with a basketball that you will see
light on January 10th more seems that the
December 29 will be announced his
sequel but as if news were not enough
dedicated to the souls I announce to you that rin
will have an animated series to confirm it is
was the band of xxiii volume that
he announced to us that he has entered
in production and which will be broadcast by
next spring new manga for go
nagai the official website of the seinen
big comics magazine announced on
new go nagai manga that has like
protagonist is the famous devil man
titled david saga what's in store
for us therefore go nagai a reboot a pre
we don't know that one sequel but there
I keep up to date for the thirty years of
dragon ball cans su creates a magazine
ad hoc online magazine really a lot
interesting the way the magazine
has deepened the history of this work
starting from the beginning to get up
today talking about the comic book
of the videogame anime then creating
a kind of general study of
100 and more pages
in short, boys if you are interested vi
I leave the link of the magazine in
description you leave me a comment
obviously I couldn't not mention guys
in this corner of the kishimoto news
he obviously cannot not be mentioned
inside this thing because it makes me
a view master casino joking a
lots of visualizations
in fact during a kishimoto interview
claims to have a lot of ideas that
but he can't tell us
can not tell us at 50 will not finish everything
the work dedicated to naruto
in any case we will have the opportunity
during the next summer to see her
super novelty for the world
pokémon
in fact it seems that it accompanies of the
brand we added new
feature in Inter
rubin omega sapphire alpha inserting
deoxys deoxys and announcing a new one
adventure new adventure or story
omission I do not know called episode
delta in description of I insert the
full video link you do me
know what you think
ghost in the shell see his first
fps game born because inspired by the
Standalone saga this game looks
a real cod and therefore
frankly, I don't know what to expect
we only know that it will be released in the first
mid 2015 and we'll see
or not to see final fantasy type 0 ci
shows other cinematics that they don't
other than to warn even more the
our hype of poor players who don't
they do nothing but wait for its release
in addition the video announces that who
will pre-order now the game can
access a free final demo
fantasy 15 which seems to last four
hours
in short, hype everyware everywhere
I remind you that it is the release of time siro è
set for March 2015
among the news that they have succeeded in
collect in this period there is one
which attracted me particularly
dedicated to the study ghibli the king of
dreams hernanes is the title of the film
documentary that will resume from within
our studio ghibli showing us the
many facets and introspections
that maybe we never saw the movie
of a full two hours and I must admit that
I also particularly care
because I had never seen a studio
ghibli from that point of view in each
case leave me in the comments
your consideration and let's go
forward
to conclude our news corner e
we find the top manga ranking
of the story of shonen jump
obviously I leave the link in
description to access that
which is the complete ranking
I can only anticipate that
obviously we find in top dragon ball
one piece
gintama slam dunk and giorgio in short
boys a historical classification that
maybe worth a look at the guys
we have come to the end of this
corner of news dedicated to the world
thank you for the japan
support that you're just giving me in
this period through comments between
facebook and youtube through e-mail
in short, a great great satisfaction
I remember if you are not registered with
sign up absolutely to share
and comment on the video in order to
expand the belief of sakai in any case
I greet you
reminding you that I am daniele is that
this is if dear to the next and bye